Increase wETH Optimal Ratio - Review (#430)
bgd-labs/aave-proposals-v3: src/20240818_Multi_IncreaseWETHOptimalRatio/IncreaseWETHOptimalRatio.md

---
title: "Increase WETH Optimal Ratio"
author: "ACI"
discussions: "https://governance.aave.com/t/arfc-increase-weth-optimal-ratio-to-90-on-all-aave-markets/18556"
snapshot: "https://snapshot.org/#/aave.eth/proposal/0x2930599cae3cec0a16bd0aef13524347e0c5e85cff7dd66ae9b2bed90fc5d1fe"
---

## Simple Summary

> The current proposal seeks to increase the WETH Optimal Ratio across all Aave markets where it is below 90%. This adjustment aims to enhance capital efficiency and ensure a more effective utilization of liquidity within the Aave protocol.

Author: ```suggestion
This proposal will increase the optimal usageRatio from 80% to 90% across all aave v3 deployments including Gnosis, Polygon, Metis, Base, Avalanche and Scroll
```
